Add simple API documentation (#694)
styfle/packagephobia: README.md

- Headless Browsers: [puppeteer](https://packagephobia.com/result?p=puppeteer) vs [chrome-aws-lambda](https://packagephobia.com/result?p=chrome-aws-lambda)
- Package Managers: [npm](https://packagephobia.com/result?p=npm) vs [yarn](https://packagephobia.com/result?p=yarn)

## API

> If you would like to use Package Phobia in your project, there is an API available. I would really appreciate it if you could contact me before using it, so my [data storage doesn't suddenly increase by 10x](https://github.com/styfle/packagephobia/issues/141). You can let me know by [creating an issue](https://github.com/styfle/packagephobia/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use the Package Phobia API in your project, please create a PR modifying [API Users](https://github.com/styfle/packagephobia/blob/main/API.md#users).
```

> See [API.md](https://github.com/styfle/packagephobia/blob/main/API.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [API.md](https://github.com/styfle/packagephobia/blob/main/API.md) for more usage details.
```
